vented
self-reported 
faked tasks 
killed in front of me
did keys and we don't have keys
chased me
stopped for a second and o2 went...
ran away from a body
didn't do card swipe second round
voted a bit quick...
was real slow on that sabotage
is a bit too quiet
ran away from the sabotage
hasn't fixed a sabotage all game
was faking fuel. They did the first one and then went to the left one. Wtf...
closed the doors in elec
has pretended to be AFK before...
with an absolute self report
has called a meeting to throw sus on a pubbie
has form for this sort of thing
loves vents so much they might as well MARRY THEM
is all about them self reports yo
is everything wrong with our society and our culture
fits the glove that don't acquit
has been cleaning Jacks hairs
was in a 50/50 and now it's down to 4
has been on cams the whole game
kept flipping lights
has been bathing with Jay
claims they seen Levo vent
is a bit quiet
is pretening they don't know what is going on
was never there
didn't report the body
won't do tasks
isn't giving any info
is sus, I can tell from the tone of their voice
is sus, I can tell from the tone of their typing
is sus, you can hear the smile in their voice
is sus, they are laughing while explaining their round
is sus, I was in specimen and didn't see them!
isn’t sus they’re just a lazy crewmate!
is well sus, even the ducks are quacking about it
has got to go, Max claims, 110%, they faked medbay scan. 
isn't sus, has just been on Twitter all day and now has wine!
was caught with their pants down in storage
was eating leftover pizza in the cafeteria
was smoking behind the bike sheds
had their hands down their pants on cams
is covered in vent juice
's lips said yes but their eyes said no!
believes Orcas are great! Lions of the Ocean! From Willy to Keiko. Such personality. Anyone else love Orcas? They aren't actually whales, they are ocean Whales.\n Anyways it's Max!
is a dead bad liar and I can prove it
needs a minute in the naughty corner
is the angel of death
was chewing wires in electrical
had a meltdown in sector 7g
has been having contraband parties in o2
makes afk look like jfk.
is just following me not doing tasks.
did a node with me and it was emotional. I think I've had a break through.
is trying to 9/11 the crew and this entire round.
is boiling a marinade sauce.
is being really weird, I don't trust them...and as far as I'm concerned, they might as well be an imposter.
needs to stay because they wont do ghost tasks.
said vote them next. I'm down.
has done goofed.
will say anything deceptive cos it gets them horny.
is a classic sagittarius.
appears all innocent but is a toilet.
...well! Where do I start? How about them being a dirty fuckin LIAR!
has literally been imposter 4 TIMES IN A ROW.
misses the "old" Top Of The Pops.
Riposte
does not have the authority here.
read the standing orders! READ THEM AND UNDERSTAND THEM!
this meeting has been called illegally
I refuse to answer that. I don’t wish to actively encourage anyone’s victim complex...
was undressing Dr Mingo with their eyes!
he whispered, prepare to die in my ear as I was shooting astroids
is a nasty pasty.
with another shameless lie.
just...you know? Keeps accusing everyone. So rude. It's not me btw.
went on balcony and didn't do weather node.
is so totally high man, totally not an imposter!
would propose in a court of law.
keeps saying "I was muted oops" with 10 seconds to go after silence.
is a dirty bird and the worms had no chance!
needs to explain where they were. RIGHT NOW!
needs to call a meeting and admit to being the other imposter.
is absolutely 100% a crewmate! Two people doing medbay scan at the same time? #efficientcrew.
has previous for being an evil disease.
has that chimp quality of just ripping faces off like its Sunday.
