is so hot you should declare an emergency
has been stalking you the whole round
wants to take you for a slice of old pizza in the Skeld cafe
wants to watch you medbay scan
hopes you haven’t got crossed wires
would like to vent into your crewmate quarters
thinks you belong in the...fine specimen room 
says ‘grow up, your commercialised day of romance doesn’t interest me. I came to space to escape this shit ffs’
is checking the policy on crewmate fraternisation as we speak
is in admin, but they’d like to be in your pants 
has been trying to give you a gun-show in weapons and is devastated that you’ve failed to notice
would hit that like the emergency button
wishes you would inspect their sample
longs for another steamy, stolen moment in decontam
wants to touch visors and make kissy faces
thinks you’re imp-ly the best
thinks you’re a rocket, man
is sure they felt a spark last time you were alone in elec
wants to chase you around the table in cafe
watches you on cams. Like all the time. Bit weird tbh.
wants to cross paths with you when the lights are off
wants to climb you like the O2 tree
reported that your body is in...their thoughts constantly
is in nav, charting a course to your heart
longs to catch you in vc alone
reckons you’re SUS. Seriously, Undeniably Sexy.
wants to join you in the drill room
would kill you last
has saucy dreams about bumping spacesuits with you
wants to be your backpack so they can ride you all day long
roses are red , you can’t deceive her, you have no authority here... Jackie Weaver
wants you to know Romance 2
wants to be your Valentine more than they ever want a crewmate win
is just happy to be here, where you are
wanna fix some sabotages together?
: I'd like to see what's under that hat
: I'd let your hamster watch xxx
is swiping your Valentine’s card
is growing you a dozen roses in the greenhouse.
‘s body was found under yours.
would choose you as their pet.
wants to take you out to lunch in the cafeteria.
is wondering what you have on underneath your spacesuit.
says you can hit their emergency button anytime
wants to know what love is, they want you to show them
is taking my breath away in O2
has been AFK writing you a valentines card.
has ordered the dressed lobster in cafeteria tonight.
, I’ve called this emergency meeting to get down on one knee and beg that you please do the reactor.
, I’ve called this emergency meeting to get down on one knee and beg that you please vote.
, no one can sabotage communication to prevent me from saying I love you.
roses are red, violet are blue. Insert a coin and become player two
